Welcome to the Audacity Bass Editor tutorial!

Recording Audio: 

1. In order to start recording audio in Audacity, you must first download Audacity for your system from the internet.

2. Once you have completed this the next step is to open the appplication.

3. Before we record, we have to select an input device that will be recording the audio for us. 

4. If you wish to use a microphone or a seperate recording device, this is where you would plug it in to your system.

5. You can choose between what input you want to use by clicking on the microphone button in the top center of the screen and selecting which device by using the pop-up selector. 

6. If you wish to just use your computer's built-in mic, you're ready to record. 

7. All you need to do to record is click the big red record button towards the top left of the screen.

8. Once the button is clicked, you are actively recording and if you want to stop recording all you need to do is click the red button again.

9. After you have recorded something that you wish to keep to edit later. It is time to move on to the trimming part!

Trimming Audio:

1. Once a desired piece of audio is recorded, you can trim audio by selecting the selection tool above the record button

2. Once the tool is selected you can trim audio by clicking and holding your mouse down over the part of audio you want to be trimmed.

3. Audio can then be trimmed by selecting the "Edit" button in the menu bar for Mac Users then selecting "Remove Special" then select "Trim Audio"

4. You'll then be left with just the highlighted piece of audio you wanted to keep as everything else not selected will be deleted.

5. Once this is complete and your audio has been trimmed, you're ready to learn how to edit the Bass.

Bass Audio: 

1. Double click the selected audio clip so that it is ready to be edited.

2. Once selected, click the "Effect" button on the menu bar in Audacity. Then select "Bass and Treble"

3. After that is selected, all you need to do is click and drag the bass and trebble to the amount you desire. 

4. You can even enter the specific value manually if you want. 

5. Once you're happy with the desired level of bass, you're done! You now know how to record audio, trim audio, and change the bass and treble in Audacity!
